In the last video, we established that we need to make sure that all of our different services respond
to some invalid incoming data with a very similarly structured response.
So I'm not saying that it should always be an array of objects, but I'm am saying that we need to put
some thought into this and make sure that we've got some consistent structure for every kind of response
we ever expect to send back from any service.
Now, I do want to clarify one quick thing.
Right now, we are really just talking about the case in which we send over some invalid data inside
a request to one of our given services.
So in other words, we're really just talking about this scenario right now.
So in scenario number one, we're talking about sending some request over to our service with an email
of, let's say, gibberish.
That is clearly not an email.
So at some point in time, we're going to run that email through express validator.
And as soon as we do so, boom, something blows up, we throw an error.
We're not really throwing in air per se, but we are an error state and we need to stop our request
handler early and send back some kind of a response to whoever made this request.
But again, Express Validator is not the only thing that is going to be producing some kind of error
that we need to send back to the user.
There are many, many other scenarios, only an infinite number of other scenarios where we are going
to have to stop our request handler early and send back some kind of response and all these different
responses.
No matter the source, whether it's express validator or something else, we want to make sure that
they all have this very identical structure.
So let's start to think about some of those other scenarios where something might go wrong and we will
have to send back some kind of response that we want to make sure it has this identical structure,
just so the React app can parse that air very easily.
So here's another scenario right here.
Let's consider scenario number two.
Maybe we have some incoming requests with an email of test at test.
Well, we could throw that into express validator and express validator would say, oh, yeah, that's
a valid email.
Everything looks good.
So that would then go on to the next step of a request handler where we might check to see if that email
is already in use.
And let's imagine that in this scenario, maybe someone has already signed up with an email of test
at test.
So once we do this check right here, we once again would probably throw us some kind of error or we
would need to throw or send an error back to whoever made this request.
And so we've got the red x right there to indicate something went wrong.
We need to send an error response back.
So in this case it is not express validator that is producing some kind of air.
It is this totally unrelated chunk of code.
So again, we need to make sure that not only Express Validator knows how to send back a response of
this structure right here.
We need to make sure that many other places inside of our code can send back an identical structure
as well.
The list even goes on from there.
Let's consider scenario number three.
So maybe with scenario number three, we have an email of test at test.
That is a valid email.
So it will get past express validator maybe in this case.
We're going to check to see if the email is already in use and maybe it's not maybe as an email that
we can sign up with.
And then maybe at that case, we or in this case, we try to sign up with a new user, but for some
reason maybe our database connection is down or something like that.
So once again, we have some kind of error that is going to be produced by our application and we need
to somehow capture that error and send back some response to the user once again with a completely identical
structure.
So what I'm trying to say here in this series of diagrams is that we have no idea where something is
going to go wrong inside of our application.
We might have something go wrong from Express Validator, it might go wrong during some kind of internal
validation, and it might go wrong even at the database access level.
And in all these different scenarios.
We need to somehow capture these errors as they are occurring and sent back this identical looking structure
no matter what.
Because again, we don't want our React application to have to understand how to parse a billion of
different kinds of errors.
We just want to have this one identical structure that it will be used for absolutely everything that
goes wrong inside of our application.
Okay.
So now that we've got kind of a scope of this problem and we understand that we really need to have
some robust air handling.
One more pause right here.
We're going to start to investigate how we're going to implement all this using EXPRESS.